README.md, before:

# Till the Final Hour
Graphical clock to cycle over three days, made for a p&amp;p campaign loosely inspired by *TLOZ: Majora's Mask*.

As in Majora's Mask, each day starts at 05:00.  
The clock can be paused, two play speeds are supported, and there are forward, backward and reset buttons.

**Sound effects are supported.**  
Clock tower bells at certain hours, hour transitions, day transitions, and last day's quakes/rumbles are supported and can
be configured.  
**Sound effects are not supplied.**  
I use some of the original sound effects, which means, since it's well known that Nintendo hates their fans, that I won't
share them. You can supply your own MP3s, or you can leave it as is so that no sound plays.

### Configuration and execution
1. Ensure you've got *python3* and *pip* installed on your device.
2. Run `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
3. Remove the *.sample* suffix from `ttfh.ini.sample`.
4. Remove the *.sample* suffix from either `run.sh.sample` or `run.vbs.sample` (depending on your OS), hereinafter referred to as `run` file.
5. In `ttfh.ini`, set the value of *python3* (first key in the .ini) to the command that executes python3.
6. In `ttfh.ini`, set the values ending with *-name* in the *[LABEL]* section to whatever you want (that fits the window).
7. In `ttfh.ini`, set the values *interval-short* and *interval-long* in the *[TIMER]* section to the duration in milliseconds of one game-minute.
8. Run `setup.py` to (possibly) update the `run` file.
9. Execute the `run` file and enjoy.
10. If you close the window, the current time is saved. Next time you execute the `run` file, it will continue from the previous time.

### Advanced configuration
TODO

Commit message:

Rename setup.py into make_run.py

README.md, after:

# Till the Final Hour

Graphical clock to cycle over three days, made for a p&amp;p campaign loosely inspired by *TLOZ: Majora's Mask*.

As in Majora's Mask, each day starts at 05:00.  
The clock can be paused, two play speeds are supported, and there are forward, backward and reset buttons.

**Sound effects are supported.**  
Clock tower bells at certain hours, hour transitions, day transitions, and last day's quakes/rumbles are supported and
can be configured.  
**Sound effects are not supplied.**  
I use some of the original sound effects, which means, since it's well known that Nintendo hates their fans, that I
won't share them. You can supply your own MP3s, or you can leave it as is so that no sound plays.

<br>

### Configuration and execution

1. Ensure you've got *python3* and *pip* installed on your device.
2. Clone the project/download the files (you may ignore the *.githooks/*, *.github/* and *tests/* directories).
3. Run `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
4. Remove the *.sample* suffix from `ttfh.ini.sample`.
5. Remove the *.sample* suffix from either `run.sh.sample` or `run.vbs.sample` (depending on your OS), hereinafter
   referred to as `run` file.
6. In `ttfh.ini`, set the value of *python3* (first key in the .ini) to the command that executes python3.
7. In `ttfh.ini`, set the values ending with *-name* in the *[LABEL]* section to whatever you want (that fits the
   window).
8. In `ttfh.ini`, set the values *interval-short* and *interval-long* in the *[TIMER]* section to the duration in
   milliseconds of one game-minute.
9. Run `make_run.py` to (possibly) update the `run` file.
10. Execute the `run` file and enjoy.
11. If you close the window, the current time is saved, together with all the savestates. Next time you execute
    the `run` file, it will continue from the previous time and the saves will be available.

<br>

### Advanced configuration

TODO
